Wall Street doesn't have this and I
think it's one of crypto's most powerful
kind of hidden signals that nobody
really understands. So I'm going to go
ahead and explain it. So by the end of
this you're going to have all of the
code and you're going to have a full
explanation and you're actually going to
have some other cool stuff as well. So
you can see here there's something
called the funding rate and the funding
rate is a tool that essentially it's a
fee paid between people that are long,
people that are buying and people that
are short, people that are selling. And
on Hyperlid, it's every 1 hour that this
funding rate occurs. You can scroll over
here and it shows funding. I'm sure
you've seen this before
funding here. And you can see if you
hover over it, shows the annualized
amount.
So if it's negative,
that means that they're pretty much the
way I look at this is Hyperlid is
begging people to long. Not begging, but
you know, if it's negative 200%, I feel
like it's low-key begging. And if it's
super positive, like 200% positive, then
it's they're begging for shorts.
Okay, so that's how I look at it.
And usually if you look at like BTC,
it's usually around 10%.
So you can see this is abnormal,
negative 73%. That being said, we do
have a war going on and oil is one of
the most heavily traded. I saw it
earlier this morning. It was at plus
220%.
And what happened to the price?
Well, they were begging people to short
and it's a Sunday and they're begging
for people to short. It did go down in
this case. That doesn't mean it's always
going to be like that. What was the
funding rate down here? I could probably
bet you anything. It was it was negative
like 200 or something. I don't know. But
you can already think about how you can
use this in trading bots, right? Well,
if there's a mechanism that people
aren't looking at and Wall Street
literally doesn't have, the only people
that have this are you and I, people
that trade on Hyperliquid, because this
funding rate thing is a it's a crypto
thing. They came into play with
perpetual exchanges. So, if you know
about Hyperlid, they're like the biggest
or one of the biggest perexes here in
crypto and it's usually crypto, but
recently they introduced this new thing
where you can pretty much trade stocks
and futures and forex on it. So using
that mechanism, the funding rate
mechanism in order to keep the markets
balanced, you know, you could look into
the math behind it and all like why
reasons behind it, but essentially the
longs pay the longs pay the shorts if
it's
positive
and if it's negative
then the shorts pay the longs.
I think that's right. So negative means
shorts are getting paid right now.
No, longs are getting paid. Longs are
getting paid.
Damn, dude. This is tricky. When it's
super positive
up here,
they're asking people to short. So, when
it's negative, the longs are getting
paid. And when it's positive, the shorts
are getting paid. And who are they
getting paid by? The other side. Okay.
So, let's go ahead and give you a um
example here of this tool, the scanner
that I want to show you how to build.
Now, you can see here I have it for all
cryptos. You can see the annualize 11%
11%. This is pretty normal. But then
when we go to the HIP3 stuff, and this
is what Wall Street trades, but they
don't have access to this funding rate.
And this is so powerful in my mind
because it kind of shows sentiment. Like
I said, if it's if funding rates really
high or really low, like they're begging
if it's negative 200 here, they're
begging people to long.
Right now, they're asking people to
long, but if you've been watching oil,
it's been swinging between -200 and
positive 200.
They're asking people to long. They're
not begging them yet. And again, none of
this is certain. It's just another
mechanism that you can look at, right? I
don't I'm not God. I don't know
everything. I just know for a fact that
while teaching this stuff to people, a
lot of people don't understand what the
funding rate is or how to look at it,
right? So, all I can do is show you this
data and bring ideas to you. And here's
the actual scanner that I built. Let's
see if I have the um Okay, so on the
road map here,
if you go to the code from videos
section, you're going to see HIP funding
rate scanner. And this is great because
I walk you through exactly how it works
and then I give you the code. So you can
see copy code here and I explain each
piece of it. So you can literally have
this code that is running on my screen
showing you okay Nat Gas here has 161%
annualized
funding rate. That means that the
majority of people are long.
The majority of people on that gas are
long because the funding rate is so
high. They're asking
Hyperlid is asking for more shorts. So
that means it's unbalanced. Now, how do
you trade that is the the question, but
I hope this gets your brain going and I
hope you see the opportunity here. Wall
Street does not have this. When you're
trading on interactive brokers, TDM
trade, wherever people are trading, you
not you're not able to see
how swayed the market is, how how many
longs are there, how many shorts are
there.
You can see negative 631%
annualized. That's insane. I don't even
know what this is, but that means that
if you take a long here, you're
effectively earning 631% per year. That
being said, it never stays sturdy like
this. So, it's not like you want to just
go over here and buy and think you're
going to get 631% per year. You're not.
But, it is a signal. It's a new data
source, a new data source that literally
the last 700,000 years that the stock
market has been opened, we never had
access to this. And Wall Street's not
trading on hyperl, they're not trading.
>> I knew I was going to make it. I just
ain't know how.
>> But I knew This world is what you make
it. You create your own environment. It
all starts with a vision. What you can
imagine, you can create.
>> So, I have this running right now. So,
it spits out the funding rates and the
highest ones and the lowest ones.
Remember, the lowest ones means they're
paying people to long if it's super
negative. So, oil, they're kind of
paying people to long. 76% is pretty
high when you look at crypto. There's
another caveat here. There's not as much
volume on these exchanges as like the
New York Stock Exchange. So, while this
could be a little bit of a sentiment
indicator, literally it tells you where
the majority is,
there are its flaws and it's going to
take some time to really build up
because you can see this is how much 11
million of open interest. Open interest
is another metric that a lot of people
don't understand. Open interest is
essentially all of the open positions on
the market. Now, you can't see that
either on the stock exchange. So, Wall
Street can't see that. And that's what I
love about crypto, dude, cuz we can see
things. Wall Street can't.
So, all of the code is here. Um, you can
see it if you want to just rewind or
whatever. I've scrolled through all of
it, but this blog post or article,
whatever you want to call it, should
explain everything. I went over here
today and what I'm going to do it's
already on the roadap bund.comroadmap
and if you come tomorrow to the zoom I
do a live zoom every single day and in
that live zoom you can ask me questions
you can see all my code and it's private
so you know if you join I can share more
things with you and this is one of those
things that I will share with you if you
want to rewind this video pause it you
and also get the code that way. But you
can see here when you join the live
Zoom, go to mundave.com here.
Not only do you get the Zoom call with
me and you get to ask me any questions.
On top of that, I give you a ton of
bonuses. You see all this data parsing
through here, I actually launched
Hyperlid's data layer so you can get
data faster than anybody else trading on
it. I could get tick data, I can get
liquidation data, etc., etc. And this is
just one of the data sources what I
explained here today, the funding rate,
one out of like 30. So I actually give
you the API key to that. So you get
24-hour access, the API key which gives
you access to the Mundev AI. You can
check that out at mundav.comdoccks
if you want to right now and see all of
the calls including this call here. So
mundave.com/doccks. If you go to the
funding rate section, everything I
explained today about the funding rate,
you can start hitting that immediately.
You come to the Zoom tomorrow, not only
do I give you the API key and the AI,
but I give you this app that you see me
running multiple different quads in all
at all times. This is how I usually have
it set up though. I usually have it set
up like at a 4x4,
whatever.
Add some more here. Uh, I'll add some
more rows and columns, but you'll see
that tomorrow on the Zoom if you want to
come. That being said, the algo trading
road map that you saw where I posted all
of this is also available tomorrow. So,
just scroll down and you can see
yesterday's video as well. I'm not going
to use GitHub because I think we need
more explanation than GitHub. And if
you're new to algorithmic trading, uh,
GitHub is extremely intimidating and it
doesn't make sense. It just doesn't make
sense until you're like year five plus.
I didn't start using GitHub till I was
year five plus. So, I think this is a
much better way to transfer code to you
is be able to explain what it does and
then let you get the code. So, I'll
probably continue to do this. And what's
cool about that is if you show up to
tomorrow's Zoom, then you're going to go
ahead and get yesterday's liquidation
trading bot and today's funding rate
scanner. So, I hope this gets your mind
going a bit here and gets you excited
about a whole new metric that Wall
Street does not have. Literally, they're
not using Hyperlid,
but retail is. So, finally, retail is
starting to get an edge here on Wall
Street. I'll see you tomorrow. Link
below.